you
each other and welcome to the second
video review of the banggood I Spy tank
from as I just said banggood.com this is
the interface we're looking at now this
is the camera feed live from the tank
which is just down on the floor there
it's a very good quality camera and also
on this interface we have features such
as recording features so we can play it
back we can take photos snapshots of the
video and we also have this feature we
press this one oops
anything controlled entirely by the
movement of the iPad like if you tilt it
forward in moves forwards etc but for
now we're going to turn that one off so
as I say here we go it has a range quite
a nice range and so far in the house I
haven't had any glitches etc so let's
see how it goes shall we so basically
it's very simple we just have forwards
backwards left right and then camera up
to point up and then camera down to
point down so let's have a go so we're
just going to go out here
and obviously I can't see the tank so
I'm purely relying on the video feed
from the tank itself coming onto the
iPad so this is a lot of fun and
genuinely I am having fun with this it
really is the kind of thing that is
quite enjoyable to wind people up with
okay and as you can see we've got the
camera up so we're now in the lounge the
living room camera up camera down okay
we can have a look around there's the
television there is a very small lag
between the video feed and the response
but it's not not nothing to worry about
really there's the kitchen let's go
around and head back into this way
okay so as you can see I'm having
genuine fun with this we can do the
camera we can take photos like this you
see photographed and saved so if we want
to take a photo of the feed when we're
out you can simply press the photograph
button and then that will take a
photograph and as I say we also have
this function the one where we can tilt
like this it's very hard to see on the
video obviously because I'm having to
tilt it which is why we will turn it off
but it's all very very good
functionality and it is genuine fun as
well and it's actually very easy to
control often with f fpv you think you
know when you're not actually looking at
it it's difficult to to control but this
is actually very easy to control and as
you can see you know it's it's it's a
lot of fun and it's relatively easy to
control as well from looking at the
camera feed okay so I think that's
enough demonstration I hope you get the
idea
as I say I will put a link to this item
in the video description as you can also
find the video reviews on my website
I'll see Magnus net and per time a link
to those as well
but yep I highly do recommend it and
genuinely this is a really really fun
product and thank you very much
banggood.com
for sending it to us alright and we'll
end just there looking at this
helicopter which we're going to review
next time okay bye bye thank you very
much for watching